Intro:

Enter, you've all recently arrived in Wyverncliff, a fortress-city on the coast of the great sea. Once the seat of a bustling military empire, at some point in the last few centuries, the old warriors died and the young men left in search of new lands, outside their confining fortress-home, leaving only women and daughters. The fortress has since become known for their flaky pastries, the entire city erupting into a savory aroma that can be smelled for miles outside its walls once the bakeries light their ovens in the morning. It was this smell that drew each of you in, when wandering by. Upon entering the city, you each knew that eyes were on you--someone sat in the shadows, preying on travelers. But when they lurched out, instead of a knife, their hand bore rolled parchment.

Now, each of you stand in a dimly-lit stone room, a dank stairwell's travel under the curiosities district of the market. During the night, the city undergoes a transformation. As the pastries have all been sold and eaten, the sea wind blows the sweet scent out of every alleyway, and the more densely populated parts of the city reek with a deep funk. The letter had detailed the need for adventurers to assist in a scientific endeavor. It spoke vaguely of ancient secrets, lost souls, and making babes anew, and some part of it convinced each of you that it was worth pursuing.

Upon entering, waiting, and meeting the other attendees, you talked, and felt particularly drawn to one-another, as opposed to the shifty characters in the corners. At some point however, the hour draws late and no-one has shown up to lead the meeting. Go.

The Cellar:

Adventurers are free to mingle for a bit, and once anyone tries to leave (or go through the back door), the dude comes stumbling in the back door with books in his arms. I'm thinking it's a tiefling with big, round glasses, his horns slicked back like hair. He talks about ancient, scaled beasts that used to roam the land much more commonly. Sounds like he means dragons, he means dinosaurs. He's raving and ranting and getting crazy excited, and he needs adventurers to accompany him while he aquires the required components. At some point, the  guard busts in, accusing everyone of cult activity. He's super racist to anything but humans, but is super attracted to Elven women, so he takes one of the corner-dwellers for his own after he puts you in the cell. If you resist, he'll do nonlethal to you. He's strong as fuck, and it's a task force of like 5 dudes, so you'll always lose.

The Cell:

Wake up in a cell, posessions taken, someone stripped you and re-dressed you, so they probably got everything. You have an indefinite amount of time like this ahead of you. Watch the elf woman get taken by the racist dude and raped or something in another room. Hear the dude she was with (her husband or something) talk about what he thinks is gonna happen to them. People in the other cells speculate about shit as well. He's also pretty shaken about the whole wife-rape thing.

At some point a Great Council Mage comes by for his scheduled dumping of dangerous criminals (they take cult activity very seriously--seriously enough to ignore the possibility of false positives. It has since become exploitable by the watch--just accuse someone of witchery). They're watching out heavily for the cult of Varakoth, The Order of the Blood, but they don't tell anyone that. This dude opens a portal to another world and has the guard throw you through it. You can't go back, because it's so high in the air. The guy who wanted to summon the dinosaurs seems pretty excited about this, because he recognizes the mage. He is your best chance to get back, but he disappears through the brush instead of claiming any supplies that they dump through.

The Wilds:

Nobody knows where you are. The area is lush, like the fey, but more vibrant, and rich. At this point, you are left to your own devices.








Also, note, Tanayeris Dargaryen is the "Mother of Dragons", ruling queen of the traditional, but enormous, Dragonborn clan of the east. She is well-known, powerful, and feared by most people of this land (yet to be named).

Any wild animals there were sent through with people and bred, so they're like domesticated wild animals. Nothing huge, just stuff like cats, ferrets, dogs, just bred and grown like crazy because of the oxygen rich environment.
