Venture for a while, looks like there's jack shit out there. You think the desert is magically disguised.
Eventually you come across something that looks like a tomb. It houses Vorniclex, god of hunger (for bread).
The tombs are just cobwebs and skeletons and dust--you note the sand floor. The ceiling isn't too high, and
there are pillars that look like they ca be climbed to the top.


Pita, Wheat and Potato ovens, respective drawings over them. Riddle: variety beckons, in gnomish.
Summons bread god. He can tell you/enchant something to tell you where the nearest bread is.
  Survialism -- DC 10 to find/procure wheat
             -- DC 14 to find/procure potatoes w/o hassle
  Need water and salt
  Geography -- DC 13 to find where salt might be
  Should have brought water, idiots. Piss will work.
  Perception can also be used to search for supplies within the tomb environment.



Turns out sandsnakes love bread, a huge one comes for the bread, stays for the meat.
  The oven structure should provide an interesting ground for fighting it. Have multiple stories, something 
  they can climb onto the roof and hold their ground. It'll leap up onto the roof and provide opp for attack.
  Then it'll flop back down to the sand.

  Sandsnake:
    Omnivores, they will eat anything, but if they find meat, they'll stick around to get it.
    Large, 12+ foot long creature, large, sharp spinal vertebrae sticking out of its back, dry hiss, moves
      exceptionally fast in the sand, and burrows.
    HP: 75, AC: 16, Dex: +3, Str: +2, Exp: 300?
    Fanged Leap--if you're chosen, you make a dex (reflex) save, DC 15
      If you pass, the snake misses, and you take no damage, and are not poisoned.
        The snake is stuck there for a turn, and you may proceed to wail. The turn it wakes up it makes a 
        spined leap off of the platform in the closest direction.
      If you fail, the snake bites you for 1d8+2, drags you off the platform, and poisons you, making you
        incapacitated unless you pass a DC 13 consitution save.
    Spined Leap--it flies across the platform, everyone takes a dex (reflex) save, DC 11
      If you pass, you dodge in time, if you don't, you take a flat 2 damage.
      Doesn't provoke attacks of opportunity.
    Constriction--it leaps up and acts like it's going in for a bite, but actually wraps around, DC 16 Dex save
      The target is immobilized, considered a grapple, but the target loses its turn after escaping. Can use
      normal attacks while in this state.
    Tail Swing--d20+4 v AC, swipe at an opponent
    Sand Spit--Bonus action, d20 + 8 vs AC, target is blinded for three turns.
    When it reaches 30 HP, a missed attack will crash through the roof.

    The snake will get very hungry after leaping around 3 times and go for a bite.
    If you stay on the ground, the snake will never present itself, and will have the advantage.
    The sand is difficult terrain, and you will have disadvantage on anything, as well as 1/2 speed.

Should it drop a magic item: weapon? Armor?
  Sandsnake helm sounds pretty cool. Flavor: is perpetually (seemingly magically) losing sand. You can never clean it.
    Benefit: it's a really good helmet, and gives +2 to intimidation rolls.

Immediately afterwards, you need to leave the bread and BAIL onwards



Okay, so they kill the baby sand snake and the mother is coming. They need to
hide or something (sarcophagus), and those will send them down into the dungeon
underneath.

Dark Souls Man:
  He's stuck in a room with a bonfire in the middle, and a fog door on one
  side, no other exits in sight. The first boss from Dark Souls lays there. The
  room is roughly the same, large open area with pillars, but sand pouring
  down, stone tiles to stand on so they don't have slow movement. Two pedestals
  divide the room. One has a roll on it and one has a badass looking sword.
  When he steps on the floor tiles to progress towards a thing, the boss will
  come crashing down as he is wont to do. The roll is full of
  allergens--gluten, nuts, lactose, etc... It will kill him. Make sure to note:
    -Has his mouth open, tongue hanging out.
    -Has an epi pen? Maybe another kind of hint.

Taenerys:
  Has to resist urge of burning down dry wheat field?
  Something of royalty seems better. Royalty mixed with a bit of religion. It's
  a door that only a god can let you through (any god). She needs to forge some
  kind of divine implement to use on the door. But using the stuff in the room,
  which should be kinda messed up.

Grond:
  Do something only  a small person can do? He's not THAT small though.
  Possibly the mirror puzzle. Oh so the mirror has a little kid in it holding
  the key and teasing him. Any solution is acceptable. If you actually get to
  him, he's dressed in ancient garb and only speaks Gnomish, so good luck there.

After this they should all reach the same room. 

Not really a puzzle, but to progress someone has to put their arms into holes
in the wall, and the doors open. Then that person's arms are locked into place.

Vorniclex has his Sand Witches attack people. Once they die, he resurrects them
and they leave you alone. He uses yeast to make them "rise". It's strong enough
to make anything rise--even from the dead. He then provides you a single-use
package.
